README.md, before:

# apikinect
QT server connected to kinect will send 3d data to clients

in progress...

26 ago 2016 - refresco finished
26 ago 2016 - refresco (refresh) implemented for depth
26 ago 2016 - refresco (refresh image) implemented for video
25 ago 2016 - acceleration sended to client
25 ago 2016 - acceleration in server, check box combinations allowed
24 ago 2016 - all served if all selected, avoid other combinations
24 ago 2016 - served 3d shown on client QGLWidget
18 ago 2016 - serving video, depth & barrido (swept) reconnecting
18 ago 2016 - served depth to client (but unable to reonnect)
18 ago 2016 - limits on 3D & Barrido plus modulo implemented
17 ago 2016 - served video, client may change kinect angle
 5 ago 2016 - types in data.h teared apart to typekinect.h 
 4 ago 2016 - data changed in client are changed in server (but led)
23 jul 2016 - server data in tab_2 (data) control kinect angle & led color
18 jul 2016 - time control added, led implemented QTconnect don't work
18 jul 2016 - improved swept ("barrido") & memory management
15 jul 2016 - data tab implemented
13 jul 2016 - able to show info (even swept "barrido")

Commit message:

server check boxes to show kinect info or not

README.md, after:

# apikinect
QT server connected to kinect will send 3d data to clients

in progress...

27 ago 2016 - server check boxes to show kinect info or not
26 ago 2016 - refresco finished
26 ago 2016 - refresco (refresh) implemented for depth
26 ago 2016 - refresco (refresh image) implemented for video
25 ago 2016 - acceleration sended to client
25 ago 2016 - acceleration in server, check box combinations allowed
24 ago 2016 - all served if all selected, avoid other combinations
24 ago 2016 - served 3d shown on client QGLWidget
18 ago 2016 - serving video, depth & barrido (swept) reconnecting
18 ago 2016 - served depth to client (but unable to reonnect)
18 ago 2016 - limits on 3D & Barrido plus modulo implemented
17 ago 2016 - served video, client may change kinect angle
 5 ago 2016 - types in data.h teared apart to typekinect.h 
 4 ago 2016 - data changed in client are changed in server (but led)
23 jul 2016 - server data in tab_2 (data) control kinect angle & led color
18 jul 2016 - time control added, led implemented QTconnect don't work
18 jul 2016 - improved swept ("barrido") & memory management
15 jul 2016 - data tab implemented
13 jul 2016 - able to show info (even swept "barrido")
